= integral

* http://github.com/gma/integral/wikis

== DESCRIPTION:

Integral provides a framework for testing the interface between multiple
applications.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIX (list of features or problems)

== SYNOPSIS:

Add the applications that are covered by your tests to the database:

  $ thor db:migrate
  $ thor app:add first-app /var/apps/first-app/current
  $ thor app:add another-app /var/apps/another-app/current

Now you just need to:

  1. Write your test script (you just replace integrate.rb).
  2. Create config/config.yml and refer to your test and live servers.

Then you can launch your integration tests, which should test the interaction between your apps on your test server (an exit code of 0 means all the tests passed, non-zero means they failed):

  $ thor integration:run

Integrate a command such as this into your deployment process (it'll exit with a non-zero exit code if the combination of apps that will be deployed have not been tested):

  $ thor versions:check first-app 123

Run "thor -T" to view all available tasks.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Ruby, rubygems, activerecord and thor.

* A relational database (anything supported by activerecord will do).

* Multiple applications installed on both test and live servers. Each app
  must have a REVISION file that contains the currently deployed version
  number.

== INSTALL:

Either download the tarball from the github page...

  http://github.com/gma/integral/tree/master

...or clone it with git:

  $ git clone git://github.com/gma/integral.git

See the Wiki for more detailed instructions:

  http://github.com/gma/integral/wikis

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 Graham Ashton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.